chainio/README.md, before:

## ChainIO

This module is used to facilitate reading/writing/subscribing to [eigenlayer core](./clients/elcontracts/) contracts and [avs registry](./clients/avsregistry/) contracts.

To make it easier to understand the different structs in this package, and their hierarchical relationship, we describe each of them below:
- geth's ethClient
- eigensdk [ethClient](./clients/eth/client.go)
  - wraps geth's ethClient and adds convenience methods
- [eigenlayerContractBindings](../contracts/bindings/)
  - generated by abigen
  - low level bindings to eigenlayer core contracts, which wrap our ethClient
- [elContractsClient](./clients/eth/client.go)
  - wraps eigenlayerContractBindings and hides a little bit of the underlying complexity, which is not needed in 99% of cases.
  - abigen also doesn't create an interface for the bindings it generates, whereas elContractsClient has a well defined interface which we use to generate mocks to help with testing.
- [ELChainReader](./clients/elcontracts/reader.go) / [ELChainWriter](./clients/elcontracts/writer.go) / [ELChainSubscriber](./clients/avsregistry/subscriber.go)
  - wraps elContractsClient and adds convenience methods
  - hides even more complexity than elContractsClient
  - These structs should be the only ones used by AVS developers, apart from interacting with an ethClient directly to make direct json rpc calls such as waiting for a transaction receipt.

A similar hierarchy applies for the avs registry contracts.

Commit message:

Updated chainio and signer READMEs + some code comments
added gas oracle

refactored txmgr module

added geometric txmgr

make fmt

log -> logger in simple txmgr

add TODO + rename constructor

update geometric txmgr to use sync api

gasoracle refactor

chore: switch to pointer to gasoracle in geometric txmgr
Also added some comments

example: add example test for geometric txmgr

fix(geometric_example_test): start anvil container

refactor(geometric txmgr): delete gasoracle and add its methods to geometric txmgr directly

make fmt

fix(lint): remove no longer used variable hundred

wip moving geometric to its own subdir

simplify privatekey_wallet

delete old moved files

add geometric txmgr metrics interface + noop metrics

docs: add default values in geometric txmgr params comment

test(geometric txmgr): add first simple test for geometric txmgr

test(geometric txmgr): add some basic tx sending tests

feat(ecdsa): add KeyAndAddressFromHexKey helper function

feat(geometric txmgr): add integration test scaffold with 1 simple tx sending test

fix(geometric txmgr): remove unneeded mutex

test(geometric txmgr): add parallel mining logic to fakeEthBackend.SendTransaction to test parallel sending of txs

feat(geometrix txmgr): refactor queryTicketDuration to be a param instead of a fixed const

refactor(txmgr test harness): refactor into a mining goroutine

fix(geometric txmgr test): use mutex to get rid of race condition

refactor(geometric txmgr params): made all params public fields

feat(geometric txmgr test): added congestedBlocks field to test network congestion where txs need to get bumped
also made tests run fast by setting txmgr's GetTxReceiptTickerDuration to 100ms instead of the default 3s

fix(geometric txmgr): bug in ensureAnyTxBroadcasted
ethereum.NotFound errors were not handled properly, causing txs to never get bumped

feat(geometric txmgr test): added congested network test

chainio/README.md, after:

## ChainIO


### Interacting with a json-rpc node

We have a basic [ethClient](./clients/eth/client.go) which simply wraps geth's ethClient and adds some convenience methods. The Client interface is also implemented by [instrumentedClient](./clients/eth/instrumented_client.go) which adds metrics to the ethClient to conform to the node spec's [rpc metrics](https://docs.eigenlayer.xyz/eigenlayer/avs-guides/spec/metrics/metrics-prom-spec#rpc-metrics) requirements.


### Building Transactions

In order to facilitate reading/writing/subscribing to [eigenlayer core](./clients/elcontracts/) contracts and [avs registry](./clients/avsregistry/) contracts, we use geth's abigen created bindings for low-level interactions, as well as our own high-level clients with higher utility functions:
- [Eigenlayer Contract Bindings](./clients/elcontracts/bindings.go)
  - generated by abigen
  - low level bindings to eigenlayer core contracts, which wrap our ethClient
- [ELChainReader](./clients/elcontracts/reader.go) / [ELChainWriter](./clients/elcontracts/writer.go) / [ELChainSubscriber](./clients/avsregistry/subscriber.go)
  - wraps bindings and adds convenience methods
  - These structs should be the only ones used by AVS developers, apart from interacting with an ethClient directly to make direct json rpc calls such as waiting for a transaction receipt.

There's a similar setup for the [avs registry](./clients/avsregistry/) contracts.

### Signing, Sending, and Managing Transactions

After building transactions, we need to sign them, send them to the network, and manage the nonce and gas price to ensure they are mined. This functionality is provided by:
- [txmgr](./txmgr/README.md)
  - uses a wallet to sign and submit transactions, but then manages them by resubmitting with higher gas prices until they are mined.
- [wallet](./clients/wallet)
  - uses a signerv2 to sign transactions, sends them to the network and can query for their receipts
  - wallet abstraction is needed because "wallets", such as fireblocks, both sign and send transactions to the network (they don't simply return signed bytes so that we can send them ourselves)
- [signerv2](../signerv2/README.md)
  - signs transactions
